# Internationalization of higher education

The term “internationalization” covers different things, and includes different dimensions, with different levels of higher education. The definition of internationalization of higher education varies and depends on the stakeholder groups, government, private sector, institution, faculty member, academic discipline and student. These differing perspectives result in several reasons for many program approaches to internationalization of higher education. A commonly accepted definition in this study is Knight’s definition, that says: “Internationalization of higher education is the process of integrating an international/intercultural dimension into the teaching, research and service elements of an institution”.

This definition is accepted, given its emphasis on process and the three important functional dimensions of universities: teaching, research and service. Apart from this, there are also three key concepts in this definition. The idea of internationalization is that it is a dynamic process and not a set of isolated activities. Integration and infusion are also the keys in this definition to ensure that the international dimension is a central part of programs, policies, and procedures, not marginal, yet an easily expandable element. To finish, both an international and intercultural dimension are included in this definition to emphasize the fact that internationalization is not only oriented to countries or national states but also includes different cultural/ethnic groups within a country. [Source](https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/56ac/1afd1b684e2ee1eeae6021bf52bef193626b.pdf)
